# [A group of investors led by Elon Musk has offered to buy the non-profit arm of OpenAI for $97.4 billion](https://www.wsj.com/tech/elon-musk-openai-bid-4af12827) 
- OpenAI chief Sam Altman has made known his lack of interest in the bid.
- The bid is being backed by Musk’s artificial intelligence company xAI, which could merge with OpenAI following a deal. He also has several investors backing him, including Valor Equity Partners, Baron Capital, Atreides Management, Vy Capital and 8VC, a venture firm led by Palantir co-founder Joe Lonsdale. Ari Emanuel, CEO of Hollywood company Endeavor, is also backing the offer through his investment fund.
- The bid has fuelled an already bitter rivalry between OpenAI and Musk, who is suing the company for abandoning its open-source, non-profit mission and undermining fair competition.
- Altman and Musk co-founded OpenAI in 2015 as a charity. In 2019, after Musk left the company and Altman became chief executive, OpenAI created a for-profit subsidiary that has served as a vehicle for it to raise money from Microsoft and other investors.
- Musk has filed a series of legal complaints accusing OpenAI of betraying its original nonprofit mission by creating a for-profit arm and colluding with its largest investor, Microsoft, to dominate the development of AI.
- [OpenAI previously released documents indicating that Musk had supported transforming OpenAI into a for-profit entity but withdrew after failing to gain control of it.](https://openai.com/index/openai-elon-musk/)
# [Google changes name of Gulf of Mexico to 'Gulf of America' for US users.](https://www.nytimes.com/2025/02/10/us/google-maps-gulf-of-america.html#:~:text=The%20change%20follows%20an%20executive%20order%20from%20President%20Trump.&text=Google%20has%20renamed%20the%20Gulf,in%20a%20statement%20on%20Monday.)
- Only users in the United States will see Gulf of America.
- Users in Mexico will continue to see Gulf of Mexico, while people in the rest of the world will see both names, with Gulf of Mexico appearing first, followed by Gulf of America in parentheses.
-This change comes in response to an executive order by U.S. President Donald Trump mandating the renaming of the body of water.
