## Chinese AI startup DeepSeek challenges US tech sector
- On January 20th, the Chinese AI company DeepSeek released a language model called r1.
- Beyond its technical prowess, r1 is notable for being an open-weight model(i.e the weights—the numbers that define the model's functionality—are available to anyone in the world to download, run, and modify for free).
- r1 is the first model to publicly match the performance of OpenAI’s frontier “reasoning” model, o1.
## GeeksforGeeks lists top new technology trends: [Click here](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/top-new-technology-trends/?utm_source=chatgpt.com)
## MobiKwik, Cred take the lead in CBDC(Central Bank Digital Currency ) rollout, launch e₹ wallets with Yes Bank.
- First fintech companies to integrate with the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) digital currency initiative.
- MobiKwik & Cred Users: Can now transact using the Digital Rupee (e₹) directly through their wallets.
## The Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In) has issued an advisory urging users to update their Google Chrome browser and ChromeOS devices to the latest vesions. 
- This follows the identification of multiple vulnerabilities in older versions of the software, which malicious actors could potentially exploit.
- According to the advisory, the affected software includes Google Chrome versions prior to 132.0.6834.110/111 for Windows and Mac, 132.0.6834.110 for Linux, and ChromeOS versions before 16093.68.0.
- How to update Chrome?
  - Open Chrome
  - select 'More' (at the top right corner)
  - select 'Help'
  - select 'About Google Chrome'
  - Select 'Relaunch'
## OpenAI unveils AI agent 'Operator'
- It has the power to make autonomous decisions for users in their web browser, such as navigating web pages, downloading lectures, ordering groceries and combining PDFs.
- Powered by Computer-Using Agent(CUA) model which is a combination of GPT-4o's vision capabilties and reasoning abilities from the companies' more advanced models.
- OpenAI says CUA can break tasks into multi-step plans and self-correct itself when faced with challenges.
